[feature] Added multitenant capablities to django-filters #346 (#347)
openwisp/openwisp-users: README.rst

Usage example: `organization_field
<https://github.com/openwisp/openwisp-users#organization_field>`_.

> Django filters multi-tenant capabilities for the browsable web UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-tenant filters for the browsable web UI
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Integration of `Django filters <https://django-filter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guide/rest_framework.html>`_
with `Django REST Framework <https://www.django-rest-framework.org/>`_
is provided through a DRF-specific ``FilterSet`` and a ``filter backend``.

> The relationship fields in ``django-filters`` options interface shows all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relationship fields of ``django-filters`` show all the available results,
```

> relationships, without filtering by the organization the user has access to, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 without filtering by the organization the user has access to, which
```

breaks multi-tenancy.

The ``FilterDjangoByOrgMembership``, ``FilterDjangoByOrgManaged``
and ``FilterDjangoByOrgOwned`` can be used to solve this issue.

Usage example:

.. code-block:: python

   from openwisp_users.api.mixins import FilterDjangoByOrgManaged
   from ..models import FloorPlan

   class FloorPlanOrganizationFilter(FilterDjangoByOrgManaged):

>        organization_slug = filters.CharFilter(field_name='organization__slug')

Reviewer: in the example here, the import of `filters` is missing.
